the mask of the Red Death the Red Death
had long played the country everywhere
was filled with the redness and the
horror of blood the whole seizure
progress and termination of the disease
were instants of half an hour but Prince
Prospero was happy and dauntless he
summoned a thousand friends to his
kingdom and they closed ein gates his
palace with no other way of entry and
masked wall soon commenced a clock of
ivory stood against the western wall its
pendulum swung with a dull clang when
the hour struck the lungs of the clock
made a sound that was clear loud and
deep there were some that would have
thought the prince mad as despite the
horror that raged outside the iron gates
he and the Revel went whirling on until
at length midnight sounded upon the
clock before the last echoes of the last
chime has sunk in silence many in the
crowd became aware of a new horrific Lee
masked figure the rumor of this new
presence spread itself around the buzz
and murmur laughs in surprise turned to
horror discussed and finally terror
who dares the prince demanded
who dares is Salters by wearing a mask
of the Red Death seize him and a mask
him that we may know whom we have to
hang at sunrise from the battlements the
masked presence passed within a yard of
the Prince the vast assembly shrunk to
the corners of the room maddening
the Prince rushed forwards his dagger
held aloft there was a sharp cry the
dagger dropped without a blow struck the
Prince fell dead hands from the assembly
grasped the mummer
and found the mask untalented by any
tangible form
he was the presence of the Red Death
like a thief in the night he had come
and dropped the revelers in the
blood-soaked halls the life of the ebony
clock went out with the last life of the
revelers darkness decay and the Red
Death ruled all